hey there guys impact here just so you
know this video was made by two friends
of mine Remmers in the cuff fisherman
and it's the first of a new series that
you'll be able to watch on the impact
gaming channel before I shut the hell up
i just like to say brace for epic I
fishermen what's up sure why not then we
tell me what do i get if i win if we're
gonna go for a 1v1 we might as well make
things interesting boy what do you like
that oh like a bet if I win you gotta do
something if you win I gotta do some not
afraid of the outcome bring it okay okay
so let's say if I win you have to go
around somewhere you can choose I don't
mind and you gotta tell people that
you're a noob and I'm the best oh and
you you gotta film it otherwise I'm not
going to believe you if you don't know
you Millie ation okay if I win you will
have to dance
can we make something deeply my ocarina
you will have to dance the Macarena okay
can I just say something I believe you
have it way worse than me are you afraid
up whatever let's go challenges that you
are packaged let's go very well let's
make the rules so normal one to n rules
the guy that means it's the either the
first blood the turrets and whatever I
like to pick the champion it's up to you
I choose feel the title trick stuff are
you ready to get this right funny I was
born ready you'll feel it inside you I
hope not let's go haha you've got
nothing on me I gotta stop playing
around I always I always tried to level
up this Wells every skill and I always
start with Q did you start with you know
aha here I'll let your farm okay fuck
catch me catch me fuck huh ow oh my god
you're so going down you're so going
down
did you help let him count it didn't
count you cheated pissarro three what
fuck here we are again choose your
destiny though this time could be
wishing i fear no evil you already lost
but we should fear something right now
never welcome welcome to my domain oh
shit you're gonna get so hot with brenna
you should see my building ok ok I'm
ready fuck what what bikini Rams Meg Oh
me when Hey oh shit you see this I don't
think you're serious Oh
holy fuck mess out of 5 okay it is time
to bring out the big guns what the
champion Jax let's do this let's do this
fuck fucking a Rams third time in a
fucking row oh this is my main dude Oh
what the fuck you are really fun you
couldn't even see me motion blur me more
that i thankee I did
let's move
No
hey fishermen the fuck are you doing
accepting my free
wow I know what that a lot sonu